.\" IPvMe
.\" Copyright (c) 2022 Colin Cogle
.\"
.\" This file, IPvMe.1, is part of IPvMe.
.\" 
.\" IPvMe is free software: you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
.\" by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" IPvMe is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with IPvMe. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" (This page is best viewed with the command: groff -man)
.\"
.TH ipvme 1 "IPvMe" "September 19, 2022" "Version 1.0"
.SH NAME
ipvme \- find your Internet IP addresses
.SH DESCRIPTION
This app connects to a remote server on the Internet, and finds your WAN IPv4 and/or IPv6 address.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.BR ipvme " \-4 " " \-6 "
.PP
.BR ipvme " \-? "
.PP
.BR ipvme " \-v "

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-4 ", " \-\-ipv4
Find the computer's WAN IPv4 address.
.TP
.BR \-6 ", " \-\-ipv6
Find the computer's WAN IPv6 address.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-format " [" " text " | " json " | " xml " ]
Change the output type.  If not specified, \fBtext\fR is the default option.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Show version information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-? ", " \-\-help
Show detailed help and exit.
.TP
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To find your computer's IP addresses, simply run the app with no options.
.nf
.RS
.B ipvme
IPv4 address = 192.0.2.1
IPv6 address = 2001:db8::1
.RE
.fi

.SH EXIT STATUS
.PP
.B EXIT_SUCCESS
No errors occurred, and zero or more IP addresses were found.
.PP
.B EXIT_FAILURE
The app could not contact the remote server, or some other error occurred.

.SH BUGS AND ERRATA
.PP
Using both the \fB\-\-ipv4\fR and \fB\-\-ipv6\fR options is the same as using neither one.
.PP
This app relies on the external web sites https://ip4only.me and https://ip6only.me.  Please make sure both servers are not blocked by any firewall.
.PP
It is possible to build this app with IPv4, IPv6, JSON, and XML support removed.  If some options are not available, please use \fB\-\-version\fR to check your compile-time options.

.SH AUTHOR AND COPYRIGHT
.BR ipvme ", version 1.0"
.br
Copyright (c) 2022 Colin Cogle.
.br
This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions.
See the
.UR https://\:www.gnu.org/\:licenses/
GNU Affero General Public License (version\ 3.0, or any later version)
.UE
for more details.
.PP
Bug reports and contributions should be made on this project's GitHub page:
.UR https://\:github.com/\:rhymeswithmogul/\:IPvMe\-stdc
.I https://\:github.com/\:rhymeswithmogul/\:IPvMe\-stdc
.UE
